is there gonna top 16 declan's video
with if everyone really wouldn't
all rights more decent schema day all
right so uh how'd you do this was
finished first I got a last round I lost
because I'm into washroom because I ate
some mcdonald this morning but anyways
as bad all right you broke attached to
the list yeah all right we played I
played water I I saw like recognized I
saw this pretty good then most of you
were kind of playing something like that
so I talked to my friend Joe and Anthony
I prob who helped me a lot with the bag
um it was a kabocha schlund through this
like three viscous to mellow I was
plenty one but then Anthony said click
to and its really good because it's
really good to salvage it's like never
done and also like a lot of times the
sphere you have to get over here g
number or whatever it's really romantic
and I didn't play a miscarriage because
I don't look like our triple advantage
triple marksman for gear gl53 infantry
because it's really good to drag nice it
makes it like an artifact moral tom so
if you have any regard you describe this
it comes back and then it's try
something on field and also like it's
really good in the mirror match for Murr
mills and
just destroy like anybody's up guard
that was really good I wonder again I
played a gigantic something it's really
good i want to play three but i don't
know mine play three because it's just a
really good summon you get titles the
graveyard you get dragon ice if you have
heavy infantry and also you can search
for mega lo and play to controller and
this crest I'm not bad to draw because
you mean you can make Leo or you some
this and you can protect it you can make
like a rank 3 or are you can make
welcome and then uh abscond tato dragon
eyes this is like feedback it's it's
really good you can go to art title and
then add this to your hand or you can
dump it to the graveyard basically um
when your opponent special summons a
monster you can describe the water from
your head to your graveyard and then
special summon it from your kind of grab
it so you can describe them selfie he's
in your hand you can just do that or you
can start having country and store
something or if you have Toronto and you
have marksmen you can go active impact
by just pitching marksman and chaining
torrential and strong everything then
strung based on then it comes back I'll
be for Archer it's it's good because in
the graveyard you can discard something
and then bring back and they can bring
tato back and attack and then make Leo
main page 2 or you can make like ass
yeah it's a one pair black rose because
you can you bring this my card yeah
and then I think evil storm i made a
school i described something in the Sun
controller fast critical and then I
fight uh put this one said I'm play it
but it in it's ok but if one me like
four matches we're just kind of good but
it's not that great but actually I think
it's pretty great but everyone else
hates it we're gonna keep you can keep
the game yeah I just threw it a mess
phone pretty much in spite of everyone
else and implied this other side it out
because I send like a bunch of
continuous traps and stuff but I dropped
at once on this one guy I think was on
galley when he attacked me transferred
later and then I almost came back and
won so is it is good and one expects it
no one has outs and then the spell cards
to MST I think you need it for the
Kaiser Coliseum and stop but three you
don't really want to draw two so to stop
it i was implying this by anthony said
play it's really really good because you
add back Undine or industry to use with
dragon eyes or you can for mega lo you
have my glow and you don't have to
discard it's really really good and then
i played a goat art you can go at otto
and then add drag messing around and
then teachers later you get titled or if
you go outside oh you can start to like
yeah salvage or
play Tyler is never dead it's really
good because you guys get on that and
then you it's plus one with controller
and sometimes course he always got mad
when I after I foolish because you can
you have to get recognized or title or
fitchburg archer and then dark hole
which is it was really I wasn't playing
it before but then i think is playing it
and he kept coming back of it so i buy
it and i beat this really sakic if you
cut her off that so i was good and then
traps was a trim abyss periods like the
reason i'm gonna play this deck is a
really strong ride right now oh
yeah and then follow this solomon
potential and here's forty two cards is
41 with foolish but i played malaysia
extract
played longer it's good because
sometimes you make it if you know they
have finishing and then the upper viscum
so you can pitch that and they finish
shameless and then you get back mega
will make dials and also with fish for
getting so that gets watered black rose
well can I we were using to learn but
then we decided that this activates on
like on the summonses better but I never
came out my never use it this would've
been better probably not like I never
made a level six at all but I'd so
rather users cuz against Isis
and then this was greg nice if you have
controller you some of this I use it in
my future match but I'd skilled read but
is still still really really good
because 3000-4000 if you haven't
indefensible it's really hard for them
to get rid of it without fiendish and
Erick impulse and it makes you draggin
us like a threat they have to get rid of
it cuz eating some controller and then
we played a to lay low I was probably
one but I'm instead was really good so I
did that's like tape I'm in the mirror
matching like summon controller and make
it they can't really and then everything
everywhere you can do another one which
is really cool on the next Ozzy's right
for X at town I brother saw one stairs
getting only a game under are the
scholar and I didn't play bombing shark
we just caught it for like more rank 3
yeah you never like without three of us
guns encourage the flight asacol limits
gets over Lego fee on itself unskilled
rain is like 3,000 3,000 however this is
pretty good um I was matted stuff for
Allah coddle you can bring back like it
best bike and guess the effect or like
for Salvage targets are you vanished and
got them up all the card is really good
it was like the most made 93 and then
level 7 was God with this really good
against your ghia a guy I'm sorry
and then sigh deck crew maxi for like
near match and Dragons the Dragons is
really good matchup because it's drag
nice and infantry Crisco trend it was ok
but all the times I drew it and you
certain GG I one really bad so yeah it's
ok i think um double debunk premier
match it's good double block horn is
here gia is really good like swollen
morning one needle ceiling i think it
let's see like if they're really bad in
the making bunch of gear chicken eggs
and then well there you can like chain
thomas can make them is coming back
twister for my pocket card another's
face that's for now and divine wrath it
was like a last minute like 11 slalom
and it's really good it's not like a lot
of all right so was there anything you
wish you would change in the deck i dono
church in it bertazzoni put another
motivation another another motivation
alright man sup alright making crash and
good look better on thank you